Week 1

I was absent to the tutorial on Week One but I was already acquainted with two of the group members, Dabin and Janet. Dabin filled me in and communicated on my behalf
during the tutorial and group formation where I would be joined by Vincent and Joseph. I contributed in choosing the name and Dabin was elected to be scrum master since he has
experience working with Jira and Kanban.

During the first meeting, we discussed our grievances including: to finalise our choice, questions regarding the specifications of the assignment and possible roles.
Questions unresolved would be asked to the tutor in Week 2. We planned to read the specifications more after the meeting to familarise ourselves and think of possible features
to implement in the project, including novel ideas which would be proposed to the tutor.

Week 2

We had our tutorial where we asked numerous questions regarding specifications of the assignment. Afterwards, we had another meeting in which we delegated tasks
in the proposal. I was tasked User Stories with Dabin. We also brainstormed additional features in which I contributed similar to spotify wrapped but morphed
into more Steam Achievements. 

After the meeting, I began working on the User stories but found the wording of Functionality/Objectives/Features confusing which would be brought up in the next meeting.
After finalising our definitons, I helped Dabin and Vincent with the User Stories by essentially translating our preconceived features.


Week 3

In our Tutorial we clarified more questions regarding to the proposal. We gained informative criticism specifically our novel functionality, Reputation. We brain stormed possible additions to Reputation and new ideas in general. One included Hardcore mode. 

I helped the User Stories, including making a visual supplementary diagram to assist the marker. This includes a product backlog, minimum viable product, and user stories. I also added the screenshots of the user stories in larger fonts for added visibility.

I also started on the formatting of the proposal. Including the title page, table of contents and spacing. I will add some references in APA style to finalise formatting.

Week 4
Assigned with Profile functionalities. I first started with blackbox testing based on the schema provided and following the user stories provided. Testing firebase.auth functions for creating and updating user.  I finished generic testing but white box testing was not created yet. I then started on implementation of profile, however, due to a miscommunication, I basically created backend auth function for create user which was in the profile user stories but should have been an authentication user story. This was not a waste of time as it could be used for backend testing. 

I experienced many difficulties using python as many imports and modules were failing to work. This was resolved after searching online. 

For Sprint 2, I will be assigned a new functionality but as of right now, profile implementation is complete but more testing is required.

Week 5
Finishing sprint 1 and starting sprint 2 was planned.

Sprint 1 was implemented and the demo was done. 
I finished backend implementation for profile.

Flask and API was the main technical obstacle. Retrieving the correct status code was deeply routed in our backend implementation and which error should be returned. This was fixed by looking at old tests, using them as templates and create a solid foundation on how to properly create flask wrappers. 

Sprint 2 is planned, where tasks was delegated to me. Retrospective report is also planned to be finished.

Week 6
Beginning sprint 2 I was assigned Task Management. I was quite busy during flex week so I only planned on creating the general class for the three: Epics, Tasks, Subtasks.

I finished the classes for the task management related items and created skeleton functions for the features that needed to be implemented.

The main obstacles was communication with the other members and needing to know where to meet when it comes to cross feature implementation. For example, how does task interact with project, how does task interact with notifications. They were overcome after coming back together and discussing implementation and showing eachother's progress.

The actual functions were not finished yet, but as task management is its own isolated feature, it did not halt the progress of sprint 2.

Finishing every feature in sprint 2 is planned.

Week 7
This week, the entirity of sprint 2 was planned to be finished. 

The backend implementation of task management was finished, however, needs to be altered in some aspects to accomodate to frontend's needs and the needs of other features.

The main problems include:
- discussing consistent use of time (unix vs datetime str). This was overcome by discussing the pros and cons of each and finalising with datetime str.
- what is exactly inside taskboard, tasklist and project view.
- what attributes frontend needs.

file attachment was not finished and was redelegated for vincent to finish as he had a lighter workload this sprint and was not busy at the time. Search tasklist was also not implemented according to the required specs of the assignment. Further, many functions were inconsistent in the returning of tasks. Such that, we deliberated and found if we return a list of tasks in any form, they should be in order of Closest deadline and flagged, then closest deadlines not flagged. Further, API wrappers for these functions were not created yet as Joseph and I needed to talk about task management implementation in frontend.
As a result, sprint 2 was unofficially extended a week until the demo for front end to catch up in implementation.

I was delegated reputation for sprint 3.

